CIS 322: Test Plan LOSThttps://github.com/bearcast24/CIS322

1. Creating the initial users:	a. Start application via preflight.sh (see specs in file)		i. Should return no error, and a list of the tables created	b. Go to login screen 127.0.0.1:8080/login		i. Try to log in as a random user. 			1. The system should return a template stating the user doesn’t exist or the password is wrong	c. Use the create user button or change the URL to /create_user		i. Renders a page to create a new user	d. Create a new user:		i. Enter a unique username and PW, and a role			1. Submitting the form should return a page saying the user was added			2. Refreshing or resubmitting the data should return an existing user page		ii. Make both a facility officer and logistics officer	e. Return to /login and try the new login credentials		i. Get redirected to Dashboard2. Test Dashboard:	a. All buttons or links should direct to the proper forms or pages3. Adding Facilities (2 facilities)	a. Go to the add facilities option		i. Returns the add_facility page and form to make new facility	b. Add two unique facilities of your choice. (The fcode should be no longer than 6 characters)		i. Should confirm creation by adding the facility to list in page	c. Try to enter the same facility fcode again		i. Should return error that the location exists already	d. Return to dashboard via URL or link4. Adding assets (2 assets)	a. Go to the add assets screen		i. Returns the add_assets page and form to make new asset	b. Add 2 assets unique choices		i. Filling all fields, submitting should cause the item to appear at the top of the page. 	c. Add the same asset tag again		i. Returns an error in which that item exists already5. Complete the asset transit process:	a. Log in with a logistics officer account		i. Select transfer request from dashboard (or transfer_req)			1. Returns transfer_req page and form		ii. Type in the asset tag with the common names for the source and destination facilities and submit			1. Returns a page saying transfer request was submitted		iii. Return to transfer_req and complete a transfer for the same item			1. Returns an error saying item transfer is already in process		iv. Type in the asset tag with the common names for the source and destination facilities and submit for the other item	b. Log in as a facilities officer. 		i. From step 5a, a transit request should be requesting action.		ii. This link will redirect to the transit approval screen		iii. Deny one transit request			1. Returns back to dashboard		iv. Approve one transit request:			1. Return to the dashboard				a.  No more links requesting approval should be on the dashboard	c. Log in with a logistics officer account		i. The dashboard should have a request for a transit request in need of load and unload times		ii. Fill in the load and unload times in MM/DD/YYYY format			1. Redirected to the dashboard 		iii. No request should be on the pageRun each of the reports:6. Dispose Asset:	a. From Dashboard, select the link to dispose assets	b. Enter the asset tag to dispose and the date that it was disposed of in MM/DD/YYYY format		i. The same page should be retuned	c. Try to dispose the same asset tag		i. Return error page saying item is already disposed7. Asset Report:	a. From Dashboard, select the link asset report	b. Enter a date in MM/DD/YYYY format		i. Table returned should contain all assets on that day	c. Enter a facility code and date		i. Table returned should display a smaller list of items from the first request.